# onlineExamination
This is the php-project forcollege assignment.
Sirno. | Topics
--- | --- 
1 | [Introduction](https://github.com/rathodloki/onlineExamination#Introduction)
2 | [Requirements of Analysis](https://github.com/rathodloki/onlineExamination#Requirements-of-Analysis)
3 | [System Design](https://github.com/rathodloki/onlineExamination#System-Design)
4 | [Glance Look](https://github.com/rathodloki/onlineExamination#Glance-Look)

## Introduction
<p>Online Examination is very helpful to users. The aim of this project is to provide quick. immediate and easy way to appear the exam. It can provide special advantages to the students/applicants. The online examination system can automatically add the marks allocated in each question to determine the total mark for the questions. A time limit can be set for the questions. Online Examination System allows jumping to specific questions based on the previous answer. The online examination system !limits the number of times a student can write a question. Login module helps the user to login to the site. For that he/she must type the username and password correctly. The login provision in this page helps the already registered user to directly access the site and there is a link for registration to a user who is new to this site. Student module is mainly for the students. T. helps the students to register for the exam and answer the exam. For registration name, address phone no, role id, password should be entered and other are filled. This will provide result after the exam according to correct and wrong answer. Administrator module is mainly for the administrator. This will contain the creation of question paper, preview of already created question paper, and the report of the administrator. For creating the question paper he/she must enter Exam ID. No: of questions, total time Marks per Question. Option type. For showing the preview of already created question paper he/she must enter the correct Exam id.</p>

## Requirements of Analysis
<p>Online Examination is very helpful to users. The aim of this project is to provide quick. immediate and easy way to appear the exam. It can provide special advantages to the students/applicants. The online examination system can automatically add the marks allocated in each question to determine the total mark for the questions. A time limit can be set for the questions. Online Examination System allows jumping to specific questions based on the previous answer. The online examination system !limits the number of times a student can write a question. Login module helps the user to login to the site. For that he/she must type the username and password correctly. The login provision in this page helps the already registered user to directly access the site and there is a link for registration to a user who is new to this site. Student module is mainly for the students. T. helps the students to register for the exam and answer the exam. For registration name, address phone no, role id, password should be entered and other are filled. This will provide result after the exam according to correct and wrong answer. Administrator module is mainly for the administrator. This will contain the creation of question paper, preview of already created question paper, and the report of the administrator. For creating the question paper he/she must enter Exam ID. No: of questions, total time Marks per Question. Option type. For showing the preview of already created question paper he/she must enter the correct Exam id. </p>

